Grandma, why are you here?
Ah, you miss your great-grandson, right?
My baby and I are doing well
Tight and took me to the maternity check-up. Shut up
I haven't admitted that you care about your stomach disease
What are you doing here?
Do you want to continue living here?
I'm pregnant with a tight child
Of course I want to be with my brother-in-law
Grandma, you are old now.
Don't mock young people
After all, I'm not like some people.
I can't even get pregnant
Just coax
Wife
What's your attitude?
What's my attitude?
Don't go too far in early summer
Grandma finally came back once
I didn't want him to get pissed off.
Am I too much?
I'm just stating the facts
You're like a hen that can't lay eggs now
I can only coax my seventy-year-old and eighty-year-old wife
Be careful when he is gone.
You don't even have your last resort
Yunzhu, keep your mouth shut
How dare you hit me?
If you curse grandma again, I won't just hit even
What do you want?
I'm pregnant.
If you hurt your only child
debt responsibility
Go ahead and tell them.
What are you harassing?
You're going to divorce him anyway
In the future, I can only coax this old woman
Divorce Xiaoyan
How come?